(upbeat music)
♪ I hear the drums echoing tonight ♪
♪ But she hears only whispers ♪
♪ Of some quiet conversation ♪
♪ She's coming in, 12:30 flight ♪
♪ The moonlit wings reflect the stars ♪
♪ That guide me towards salvation ♪
♪ I stopped an old man along the way ♪
♪ Hoping to find some
long forgotten words ♪
♪ Or ancient melodies ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ He turned to me as if to say ♪
♪ "Hurry, boy, it's
waiting there for you" ♪
♪ It's gonna take a lot
to take me away from you ♪
♪ There's nothing that a hundred
men or more could ever do ♪
♪ I bless the rains down in Africa ♪
♪ Gonna take some time to
do the things we never had ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ The wild dogs cry out in the night ♪
♪ As they grow restless ♪
♪ Longing for some solitary company ♪
♪ I know that I must do what's right ♪
♪ As sure as Kilimanjaro rises ♪
♪ Like Olympus above the Serengeti ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ I seek to cure what's deep inside ♪
♪ Frightened of this
thing that I've become ♪
♪ It's gonna take a lot
to drag me away from you ♪
♪ There's nothing that a hundred
men or more could ever do ♪
♪ I bless the rains down in Africa ♪
♪ Gonna take some time to
do the things we never had ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ Hurry, boy, she's
waiting there for you ♪
♪ It's gonna take a lot
to drag me away from you ♪
♪ There's nothing that a hundred
men or more could ever do ♪
♪ I bless the rains down in Africa ♪
♪ I bless the rain ♪
♪ Ah, gonna take some time ♪
♪ Gonna take some time to
do the things we never had ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
(upbeat music continues)